# Week 3 Assignments

An ERC721 token contract "BreakfastFoodsNFT" and various implementations extending it with unique functionality.

## Assignment 1

### ERC721URIStorage

ERC721URIStorage extends the ERC721 standard by adding an optional mapping of token ID's to URI strings, as well as functions to get, set and "burn" them. These token URI's are concatenated with (appended to) the ERC721 baseURI, which may or may not be an empty string. In this implementation, these token URI's are stored on-chain, rather than being generated by a function call. The token URI's are decoupled from their token ID's, allowing for more flexibility in terms of URI format and may also be updated if need be.

### ERC721Pausable

ERC721Pausable extends ERC721 with OpenZeppelin's `Pausable` contract, adding a global bool variable `_paused` and set of functions, events, and modifiers for its detection and management. This provides an easy way of conditioning any and/or all contract functionality on the state of a single variable, allowing the NFT to be effectively switched off and on when necessary. This may be useful for example, for pausing the contract functionality in the event a serious vulnerability is detected to allow for time to plan and implement a remediation strategy. With this power, however, any individual with sufficient authorization to implement it becomes a source of centralization as they may act unilaterally to bar users from transacting.

## Assignment 2

ERC115 differs from the ERC721 standard in that it allows for one contract to manage any number of different token types (any combination of fungible, non-fungible, and/or semi-fungible). While the ERC721 token ID is single, non-fungible index to a specific token, the ERC115 standard allows for each token ID to represent a new token type with its own metadata, supply, etc.

## Assignment 3

Create an NFT collection and put it on opensea.

- BreakfastFoodsNFTFree.sol
- https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0xbf16367ba1adfd2e61a26e9b96f0f76ef63c39c7
- https://testnets.opensea.io/collection/breakfastfoods

## Assignment 4

Create an NFT that can be minted by paying with an ERC20 token.

- BreakfastCoin.sol
- BreakfastFoodsNFTCoin.sol

## Assignment 5

Staking.

- BreakfastCoinStaking.sol (note that 'BreakfastCoin.sol' is unsuitable for this assignment as it allows unlimited minting from any address)
- BreakfastFoodsNFTStaking.sol
